Hello, it is two oh six to now two oh seven p.m. Eastern standard time on Thursday November 30th year two thousand and twenty three
This is episode
731 a fusatonic live not including the shorts of course and today we are
Lest and with the opportunity to have a discussion with a Jessica Hockett who I've been introduced to on Twitter
This is her Twitter account. It's wood house
76 and you see the
Underscore between wood underscore house 76
She is a
Bicentennial baby as her profile says please reach out and follow her on Twitter
The other way that you can follow her amazing work is on sub stack and she was smart enough to go out and get the wood house
76.com domain so you don't have to worry about remembering the specific username on
Substack it will just link directly to there and should something ever happen in the future of where she needs to change
Where her blog posts are being written she can always then redirect the URL
So with that said welcome to the show Jessica
I'm just reading your the profile that you have a grown-up bicentennial baby writing from a wood house
And I think that's a reference to hunger games. Do I have that right or is that another?
So my original
COVID focused Twitter account was an eponym
Emma wood house and that is the titular character of Jane Austen's
Emma
Which is one of my favorite books and I'm a huge Jane Austen fan Jane Austen's my daughter's middle name actually
So yeah, I use I used that name after I had
Deactivated my other Twitter account under my name that it was for a different purpose
But then when COVID madness came down
I and my kids came came home from school and they were locked out of school
I had I deleted that account and wasn't gonna do Twitter anymore and then I
Mean as you know as we all know things were not adding up with COVID at all
I'm like I got to go back on Twitter because that's where people tend to know what's up
So there are where those people tend to be so I didn't want people to find me under my real name
Like in my other account. So that's why I created an eponym. I never I never aimed to amass like
53,000 followers or whatever it is that it has right now
But I went ahead earlier this year and changed it to my my real name
It wasn't really a secret who I was anyway
I was sometimes on Chicago radio and they would say Emma Woodhouse, you know Jessica Hockett aka Emma Woodhouse
So I didn't really have a hidden identity. I just I more had a a pen name is what I would say
So yeah, that's that's what I do live in a woodhouse
It's a cedar shingled house. So that it goes it goes with that as well. So it's sort of a throwback to the old
Pen name, right, but it makes sense with where I live. So
Just a curiosity were you in the and I don't mean business in terms of
Getting rich because none of us is doing this to get rich, but were you in the business of blogging before?
COVID-19
No, no, not at all
So my background is in a K-12 education years ago
I started out as a K-12 as a middle school teacher for five years
and then I went to University of Connecticut and then University of Virginia is where my PhD is from my background my
specialty was gifted education and
I was gonna go into academia
I actually was hired for a ten-year track position
I accepted it and then I turned it down two weeks later. That was one of the best decisions
I've ever made in my life. I just felt like the weight of all the the rules and expectations of
Academia, I'm like I can't I can't do it. I can't do it
I just want to do what I want to do and that's what I ended up doing for a while 15 plus years
I did a lot of consulting work in K-12 education did a lot of teaching of teachers
I had certain specialties and I mean still do really within education did a lot of traveling worked with state agencies did some program evaluation
Wrote some books. So so yeah, that's what I did for a while until March March 2020 when you know when everything went crazy and shut down
So no, so no, I wasn't doing that that I was I've always been a writer
Okay, you know art of books and things like that, but not not a not a blogger
University Connecticut, I went to University Connecticut if you knew that or not. Yeah. Yeah, my degree in computer
Engineering and I don't even remember what you're graduated 96. I think it was 96
So okay. Yeah, I wasn't a graduate like a summer an interesting
Graduate program called three summers and so and I was when I was still a classroom teacher
So I would go in the summer and for like an intensive with another like a cohort of people and then during the
Year, it was actually at the beginning of online learning. I and I was really a fan of online learning back in the day. I also taught
Graduate courses for University of Virginia online graduate courses
My view of online learning has changed a little bit since they tried to foist it all on to you know K-12 kids
But in the graduate space it was great
Dedicated people offered that that flexibility, but yeah
I was physically on campus at at UConn and stores and those those were magical times
I really enjoyed it really enjoyed it. So yeah, I didn't know we had that connection. That's cool
What what just out of curiosity what pulled you to University Connecticut?
I know different schools have
Expertise like they have a supposedly a very strong agricultural school which I was there something about their their K through 12
Or their special education program. That's right. And so my my field was gifted education
So University of Connecticut University of Virginia
College of William and Mary those are just a few of the the universities that have
You know the the big names in the small field. It's fantastic
It was a great great time in my life for sure and then went from there to
University of Virginia
So I left my my full-time teaching job
This was before my husband. I had kids who've been married 25 years, but we moved from the Chicago area to
Charlottesville for Virginia
And so I did my my program there for a couple years and then we moved back
Charlottesville Virginia, that's not really a big city is it?
No, and there's a lot that I really appreciated about Charlottesville
But it's funny to think back on now because we used to go drive up to DC all the time
Because we're city people really at at heart. So we're like, oh my gosh. There's nothing going on here. Things are closed on on Mondays
So but I but I enjoyed it the whole the Jeffersonian vibe all of that the history you you can't you can't beat it
But we we were we were never planning to stay there long-term just because it was more rural in our in our view
But yeah, I really benefited from that from that program really appreciated it
You didn't happen to pump into David Martin while you were there. Did you because no, it's funny though
Right all these people that that later later come up. Although I will say and I don't know what David Martin's background is
is fully but University of Virginia is
Along with Yale well known for secret societies and and things like that
So it would not surprise me if David Martin was part of the seven society or the z society or any number that we're crawling about on campus
See he seems like that sort of character, but I but I really don't know. I'm making I'm making this up
You know, we've looked into it a little bit
There's like this Charlottesville business council and it's just one of those areas where
There's there's multiple people have congregated with respect to the topic of patents and intellectual property
And I don't know
I mean, I'm sure it's a beautiful town but
Usually there's something else something else that anchors these particular things to one area
So yeah, we my husband I used to joke that it seemed like charlotte's phil was where like young rich people go to retire
It so it had that sort of a vibe. There's a very clubby kind of old money south vibe
And I I just realized recently Robert Malone has not really ever been on my radar
I've always sort of seen him as a 1980s like soap opera star or something
I just haven't paid much attention to him
but
Recently I was like oh wait this horse farm thing. It's in Madison, Virginia. I know I know where that is
So I I find that that interesting. Yeah, nothing to really say about that
Just that you know duly noted
South of charlotte's phil for several years before buying the the horse farm
I think and there's there's a lot of horses on that farm. So so let's get down the business
So the one thing the one look there's many topics that you've covered related to the pandemic
There's one thing in particular though. Everyone's got there one area of of focus where they're just and
You're at the lead as far as I'm concerned regarding this
Uh, it is a casualty data mass casualty data in the year 2020 and in particularly you've done extensive work on New York City
Um, and there's just no one else that has even come close to doing the you know
The research that you have on that
But I would love if you could just walk us through your little journey
Because I'm always encouraging people don't think that just because someone isn't questioning narratives now that they can't in the future
Right. So you're mining your own business
It's uh, January February
You couldn't miss the news reports about what was coming what everyone seemed to expect in the media
What was that first year like of something's not quite right? And then you you turned around and it actually started to invest your time into research
And what led you to?
Focusing on New York City. Please share that journey
Great great question
I mean, January, February 2020 with these reports that were coming out of china and then the diamond princess cruise ship
Um, I just remember people women in my bible study
Honestly talking about this and a few of them being concerned and some of them are sort of prone to worrying about things like this
Anyway, right and I was sort of known for not being like that as you might imagine
So, oh, what's going on in china people falling down on the streets? Oh this cruise ship. I'm like
That this is nothing like and like it's china like who knows what who knows what's going on there
And I looked into the cruise ship a little bit like
There's old people on cruise ships like they they die. I mean what what is the big what is the big deal with this?
I just I just thought it was a nothing burger
And then in march as the tension started to build
And especially when you know the 15 days to slow the spread
I was like what the heck is going on here a huge alarm for me
Was when you know the governor governor jb pritzker went up from you know the pritzker family one of the richest families in the world
um when he
ordered churches to close
I was like what wait what what like it and churches were doing it
And I was questioning my christian friends and like this this doesn't seem constitutional to me
This seems completely out of out of line
um
And I got a lot of pushback honestly from from christian christian friends. It's only two weeks
It's you know, it's an emergency. We just don't know
Um, he's not only shutting down churches
And I thought well, yeah, he's also shutting down restaurants and my husband's in the restaurant industry
But target is staying open. So I mean so for I can honestly say even though
I did I thought there might be a new virus something spreading around
I was skeptical from the very beginning and in cook county where I was living at where we were living in the time and had been
So that's you know, chicago. We were in evanston where north western is
Every death that goes through the medical examiner
Is public and at the time then included deaths that were determined to be from this novel virus
So I was every day looking at line by line by line. I'm like, okay
85-year-old person who has coronary heart disease diabetes kidney failure
Dies, okay, so I I was going through that we had 12
Long-term care facilities in evanston alone
So the local paper was tracking those and I tried I remember this so vividly
I tried to get a local reporter to kind of look at some things. He called me a covid denier
He canceled my subscription to his online message message board
Um, I emailed my mayor mayor of evanston put put out a mask mandate mid april
I'm still still have the email. I responded right away. I was basically like, what are you doing?
This is you know, this is ridiculous. This doesn't make any this doesn't make any sense at all
So the questioning I can honestly say that I was doing that from the very beginning got back on twitter in may 2020
Started that account. I'm just trying to find out like, okay, is anybody else really questioning this because even though there was a lot
You probably remember this there was some rah-rah energy at the beginning right like the first two weeks
Maybe even the first month we had Broadway performers on tv and on the internet being like yay
You know stay home save lives there there was some positive energy in those days
Which I think is part of the propaganda and it's it's really dark and scary to look back on it now
But you know then as this starts dragging on it's like what is really happening here
And with new york in in particular I try to remind people about this all the time
New york was part of really the justification for locking down
the specter of
Look at what's happening in new york. The hospitals are overrun
Look, they're calling in the travel cadre of nurses and doctors and we don't want to be in new york
Without new york
I would say americans would never have agreed that there was an emergency or or something actually
going on
So new york is kind of burned in my brain as a key part for getting the us on
On board. Um, I would say and and it'll be I can walk the sequence back
But new york was like the linchpin and then that was it
That that that was it and I don't know when maybe my first tweets about it were but I know for sure in 2021
That I was asking like because the more the data was out right more of the finalized death data
And I mean, I I asked pretty consistently within a dm group
I was in at the time and then on twitter itself, but what the heck happened here
This makes no sense and I could never really get a lot of traction around it
It was sort of like well vent ventilators, right or or they messed up or the nursing home policy
Like there were a lot of pat answers around it some of which I agreed with
Initially, especially with the nursing home policy, which I now realize is not really part of the picture
Um, so yeah, I just I kept pursuing that that and the alleged disappearance of flu
Uh, which I I now realize are related, but those were two things that always bothered me
But I was also fighting mandates at the time
And my kids were home and I pulled them out in my homeschooled them and there was all of that going on
So as you remember like when you're when you're actually fighting what's going on day-to-day
And I'm getting kicked out of the grocery store
You know police came and like, you know, basically threatened to arrest me denied my grocery purchase
Like when that stuff is going on
You can't attend to every every little data issue that that you that you have
Especially when your homeschooling is as well. So it when I was kicked off of twitter more more permanently in july 2022
That is when I was like, okay now now I now I have some more time to delve more
Specifically into this new york event. I can and I already had been submitting public records requests for data
But now I couldn't could do that more intensely with some other consulting work that I was doing
So that that's when I really dove in and that may now it's been well over a year of of that
Um, but yet I I I like doing it
I like like doing it, but there's there's still a long way to go
There's still a long way to go. The more I find the more questions I have and the more bizarre
Whatever app actually happened there becomes
So it was something about in the area of chicago. You were looking at specific deaths or records
uh, the profiles of them and that was a good match for the type of
skepticism and
Critical approach that was required to go back to new york city
Now having the perspective that it was such a big part of the narrative and I think you frequently
Remind the audience that new york city is I think 7.8 million
People and new york city proper and then the metropolitan area of new york city. I think it's around 15 or 18 million
Uh and us is 330 million people
Right. Yeah, it depends on population numbers you look at for the five boroughs
Actually, the the cdc numbers and the city of new york numbers are not the same. I think there's some shenanigans there
But it's between the five boroughs proper is eight between 8.3 and 8.8 million
The 20 the 2020 population and yes, if you're talking about greater
Metro, it's bigger than that
But in spring 2020 for that what I would call 11 week of event from mid-march 2020 to the end
May 2020
The new new york city
proper is 19 percent
of the total covid deaths in the us
And what do I mean by covid death? I mean we could go into that at length, but for data purposes
It's the deaths that attribute covid 19
as underlying cause
So 19 percent of the deaths that do that in the us in that period in that along with period are in new york city
Even though new york city only comprises less than 3 percent of the total population
Does anyone have questions about that?
I do just a curiosity
How would you describe the profile of of of deaths related to covid in new york city met the entire metropolitan area
Have you noticed like a major drop-off as soon as you cross the hudson river like people just stop dying in jersey city in new work
or
That those areas have higher high rates of death also
They did too. They did too. I mean I can pull it up if you want to it's it's really interesting to look at county
Level each burrow is a county and york's kind of weird like that
But then you look at the other counties and then if you sort the counties in that
Period it's it's new york new jersey cook county
Is is up there um detroit is up there
You know relatively relatively speaking
But by and large, I think the metro area if i'm not mistaken that that tri-state area is about 50 to 55
Of the total covid attributed deaths in the whole country
Connecticut which is only 3 million people
Right on a good day
So I mean again, it's it's kind of by different counties in there
So I I like to think in terms of like like city so new york city, new york city metro area
Boston metro area, chicago metro detroit
New Orleans right those those were the key
locations that saw the most increase but nobody saw what what the new york city new york city metro is
I mean five five burrows alone. I mean we we see a six to seven hundred percent
Increase in all cause mortality in a matter of a few weeks
It's not an event that's indicative of viral spread
Let me let me put it that way. It's not it. It's not anything like a disease spread event
It's it's like you would see with a bomb or with um multiple like an earthquake and aftershocks
Afterwards the the mortality equivalent of 10
9-11 events, you know, whatever you think about 9-11
You know, if whatever they said the mortality was about 10 times that
um
And and nobody seems to have any
Questions about it. There's no real investigation about it
Nobody's asking if
This event really occurred in the way that it's claimed in some ways. I find the silence
More disturbing than the actual
Casualties as they're depicted on paper so to speak
So what we see here
So what we see here is I'm associated with a group called international group called panda
Introduce a plenary group of people from different places in the world. That's uh chaired by nip hudson
And we recently put out on multiple
Candles the panda website and then the panda sub stack included
This um this article does new york city 2020 make any sense and it's eight
We spelled out eight reasons to doubt the official data. Now these aren't the only reasons
These are just some eight uh some reasons that sort of lay the foundation for it and the first
Uh graph. So I think this is what you're referring to is uh daily daily
I know it it's it's just absurd
But this is daily deaths from the beginning of 2019
All the way to the end of 2020
Uh just a reminder that death is a daily event right your your death when you die when I die will be recorded as occurring on a day
In a particular location in a particular setting and there will be some causes listed
Uh by a medical examiner or by a doctor or whomever and the dates down below
Uh on the x-axis those are looks like one week apart. So those are weeks
No, they're not this is daily data. It's just that to make the the font a reasonable size
You necessarily kind of cut out some days, but this is daily dates each of these points is daily
So, you know, what something I point out to people is we see
Uh, and I've looked at this data in about a trillion different ways different slices, uh age group
Uh setting of death cause of death
We see basically the claim that nothing is going on
Mortality wise
No, nothing
nothing
And then at around uh on the 18th or so, which is a couple days after
15 days to slow the spread was announced. Oh my gosh. Why did I just get balloons?
Did you see the balloons on my screen? Anyway, I did
I
I was celebrating 15 days to slow the spread
15 days to slow the spread
That didn't happen again. That was fascinating. It's the fbi watching
um
I'm just kidding. So we see that
Massive, I mean just the speed of this
alone
Is I realized a huge red flag
Huge red flag
based to peak here about
21 days ish if i'm not mistaken, maybe 22 days
go from about
150 ish deaths a day to this is 1200 deaths in a single day
So the the sense of scale here, I think is something that people still don't grasp
They think well, there's 8.5 million people that live in New York city
Sure, you know a lot of people died
But you have to think about the baseline or the claim to baseline anyway
That you know really we don't have a thousand people a day dying in New York city
We have fewer than 200 people a day dying in New York city
And then we're being asked to believe that
There was no
Signal whatsoever in all cause mortality and this is true in New York city, but everywhere
There's no signal of this super spreading
Deadly or risk additive pathogen in the data until after
mass testing in hospitals has commenced and
The government has given this pathogen permission to show up apparently i mean being facetious
But permission to show up in all cause mortality and then we see it literally go off like a bomb
in New York city like
Nearly no place else in the world except
Northern some select provinces in northern, Italy a couple weeks before
Their their events started first. They also started testing in their hospitals first
So we have northern Italy and New York and then nobody else ever comes close to this scale
again
Or the speed
These are New York city
death
Certificates like
Where does one get this number?
Great great question. So this particular data
I
Requested via foya from the New York city department of health and mental hygiene their bureau vital statistics produces
Reports for each year the 2020 report came out
In april 2023 so a little bit delayed
And so I requested this this data from them so they send me
Frequencies
So they sent me the date and just a simple excel spreadsheet the date and then the number of deaths
that
They are claiming
I mean you have you have to think of it this way what what what they're saying is
On this day we had 125 deaths and there are 125 death certificates that
We could show we're not going to because they're not subject to foil
But we could show or should be able to show that
125 people in the city died on that day
So this graph and this is something I've I've said to deni rank or actually in others
Is that these are not records that this is not proof
It's a representation
Of records that are claimed to exist, but it's not the records themselves
But this is day of occurrence not day of report or day of processing. It's day of occurrence
So something that I am my colleagues have said is that we doubt or we question
If this event actually occurred
In the way that is that it's claimed did the number of people that are claimed to have died
on each day
In the settings that they're claimed to have died. So by setting, I mean hospital nursing home
Personal home hospital facility that data is elsewhere in the article, but did this happen in real time
and
We doubt it
We doubt it. We're not going to say absolutely that it didn't
But we have many reasons why we doubt that this occurred
weren't newspapers reporting those numbers on a
day-to-day basis
Like if you went through the the daily news in New York times, would you find like on a Tuesday?
Wednesday thursday section like the updated number and it's somewhat correlating to that
Or these numbers come out like sort of after this mass casualty event
Well, it's it's interesting because the data that was being reported at the time
And this is true actually all across the us whether you're looking at the
Johns Hopkins dashboard
Right or the reports coming out of your state health department that were being announced in press conferences every day
Those numbers were not day of death. They were day of report
So if you go back and you start to look through the New York times, you know, they're they're reporting numbers every day
Something interesting that happened on april 14th 2020 is they started adding in
probable covet deaths
And
They added I think on that day about 3,700 deaths that they said were like probable covet deaths
And then between that day and I think june first they added I think 4,500 or so total
4,700 of these
Probable covet deaths to the toll so there was kind of a massive sudden dump
In that time
But but something that's really important I think to realize a a colleague in panda brought this up once that
This idea
for this phenomenon of real-time death reporting
Is is sort of ridiculous if you if you think about it. We we we should not expect
That deaths that occur each day
Would or should be reported in real in real time
And so we have to ask ourselves like where were these numbers?
coming from
A lot of them were at the time and andro quomo even said this in later april
They were maybe it was earlier april that he said this but they were getting some direct
reporting from hospitals
directly into the
health department
So a lot of what people were hearing was what was ostensibly being reported from hospitals, but not other places of death
But again, I don't know that the speed of the reporting in that time necessarily
matches
reality
you can imagine maybe
projections
and models
You know that we were being fed at that time maybe getting out of hand
a little bit
Right and maybe so some people have theorized that this is actually what we're seeing on this graph is like
Almost a model and they messed they messed up
and then maybe they had to pull deaths from the past
and from
the future
Because the the other thing we see with this curve as shocking if not more shocking than this dramatic
You know almost like finger pointing up to god
um
Maybe maybe there's something prophetic there. It doesn't level off. It just goes up and then it immediately goes
It goes down and it drops to baseline
Even below baseline a little bit, but it does kind of depend what slice of the data
You're looking at but just daily all cause drops back down
and never even creeps up again
until
the normal respiratory illness
Season it's also very smooth curve. I mean it just
You would you would expect maybe some days
If everything is genuine to be high and then the next day
Maybe for whatever reason it goes down
20% and then up because you could see normally
Uh, there could be an increase or a decrease of from day to day 40 50
And that wouldn't be unusual. Maybe one day there's
240 deaths on
If you look at it before April the next day, maybe there's 120
So it's but the average is definitely around 180 or so. It looks like
It is noisy
I mean if you if you take out this curve if you take out this spike you would see the noise that you're talking about right random
variation just
You know like up and up and down up and down what I think we see here is what I would call a fauci and fantasy
I mean it's actually the peak is actually double if you adjust for population in 1918 that this is actually double
What's claimed to have occurred in New York City in october 1918
which
That that's a heck of a claim
Um, and we could you know talk sometime about 1918 right and there's reasons to
Kind of question what the factors were back then as well, but but this is double the rate
Of october 1918 when you look at new york versus new york new york 1918 versus new york 2020
So that alone
But but also I think if you would ask people
Without showing this graph like what they would expect to see with something that is purported to be spreading
And that can kill a lot of people
You would expect something more gradual here
in in my opinion
You would expect to see signs of it somewhere, but for some reason people are okay with this idea
of
Okay, they announced the first case in new york on march first
Right, you know right right here
And then it like spread in two weeks to millions of people
Like that that that's that's what you have to believe
Like the the r value on this has to be astronomical
Not not only that it has to be astronomical, but it has to have been
Behaving differently in new york city and bergamot, italy then it did anyplace else
Yeah, it's if one person
brought the disease in
They must have had needed to have immediate contact with everyone else just based upon what's described as the uh time for
onset of severe symptoms and then
We don't see pathogenicity
From each of those people giving it to someone else because it just stops
Yeah, it's like something out of it's like something out of a movie
Not only that in a recent interview when when Andrew komo was on bill mar
Who knows what that was really about but when he was on bill mar he's like oh covid had been circulating for months
Okay, fine. Let's let's go with that. So it was circulating for months, but had no impact
The non lethal version
So it's the non lethal version and and actually j about a charia still says this he said it on on jonathan kui's
broadcast a couple weeks ago like oh, yeah, covid was here
So then what what happened here then what was the what was the trigger?
like
I don't I don't know. I don't know how people explain the and i'm not a biologist, right?
But just it doesn't for me past the smell test
What whatsoever you also don't hear new yorkers, you know looking back and say yeah, everybody became sick all at once
You know like oh, I was sick as a dog. Yeah in and march. We don't we don't hear that
We hear people talking about this flu season some
That they were sick in you know ball nut 2019 or they were sick in in january and they had the flu for a few days
And they you know they were knocked out and that
Oh sicker than i've ever been those kinds of reports
But even then if you go back and you look on twitter or you look in different contemporaneous sources
It's not like people said oh, yeah my my grandma died from the flu in october 2019
Do you do you see what i'm saying? We didn't hear that then
So I have proposed that perhaps there was excess death
In this period not just new york, but a lot of places
I have questions about the flu shot. Maybe that's for another time
But um that there was excess death here, but they pushed it forward
Everywhere around the and you could do that everywhere around the world with some ease meaning it was delayed
If the processing of deaths is delayed anyway
So
Yes, or they were intentionally held back
A lot of death coding and death processes are a lot of countries follow the flu
Protocols and the icd classification
System
So there's a lot of ways that deaths could be held back
Reclassified dumped in as probable deaths
Those new york city ones i talked about earlier that started to be added on april 14th 2020
They said they were probable covid deaths, but nobody ever said when they occurred
Nobody said when they occurred. Did they happen in january
Uh, did they happen in december?
What was the date that it was advised to
Reclassify anything that could possibly be covid to covid
There's a series of things that happened in february and march in april
Regarding that i should make a timeline of it kind of how to classify death certificates, etc. The code for covid 19
uo 7.1
debuted on april first
The same day that the vaping
death
uh, valley
Death code was debuted by the way, they're right next to each other
But who also debuted i think on that day or maybe a couple weeks later i have to check that
But they debuted uo 7.2, which is probable
So but the us
Says that they never really used that and you can't look up probables like that in wonder
So i so i have questions about
That but when different so new york added probables illinois i remember when illinois added probables
It might have been a little later more like in the fall, but there wasn't really clarity about when those deaths occurred
So, you know
If i could ask androkoma one question
I that that's what it would be remember those probable deaths that u announced on april 14th
When did those happen
When it went to what what's the day of death on those
Because i i would like like to know and art did did those get pulled forward into that that spike
I mean and i guess along these lines just to move forward a second in this this article what i also find
incredible
Is that if you take out the deaths that blamed covid as underlying cause
And only look at non-covid
So everything else size covid you see a six week non-covid death event
And then no more non-covid access for the rest of the year
That i i'm sorry in a year with ongoing mitigations civil unrest
Mental health
Challenges for you know who among us would not say that we struggled in one way or another churches are closed right all all of this school still closed
There's no more non-covid access death except in that six week period
I might might call that super sus. It's super sus
Do you have any profile available of what those non-covid access deaths typically i do i don't have them ready to pull up right here
i'm working on an analysis with the young deaths i mean we can look at
Actually, let's look at the young deaths just all cause mortality
We see
All age groups in this article we have the younger adult what we call in the article younger adult age groups and then we have older adult age groups
Okay, the simultaneous rise
Of all cause mortality in all adult age groups at one time is a red flag
It's it's a huge red flag if there's a disease spread event with a disease purported to disproportionately affect
Older people than younger people
You should start to see a rise
In in older age groups
Well for the other age groups, but that's not really what we see here
We see in 85 plus, you know, we see a bump during regular flu season
And I don't have this on this on this graph all the way back to 2018
But if I if I did and this is weekly by the way
If I did you would see that there's nothing unusual about people in the 85 plus group
You know more of them dying during the winter months that that's not that's not unusual whatsoever
But we see the young adult age groups go up right away
So when people have all overdosed deaths actually no
Actually, no, and we we wouldn't expect overdose deaths to go up immediately not not in a two-week time period
Right, but we see these these groups
More than double and then more than double again
We also see a rise and a drop in the youngest younger adult age group
First
If you zoom in on this it actually starts to go up with them a little bit sooner and a little bit harder
A little bit faster, but then look at how it comes down for them first
I think that's interesting
Really interesting
Most of the excess in this age group was in hospitals hospital inpatient
And those hospital inpatient deaths
Mostly blame covid in these age groups actually I think we have that down down here if you don't mind
Me scrolling down here a bit. Look at this
This is 20. So this is the 25 to 54 as one age band
right
Most of the spike is blamed on covid underlying cause
And most of that look this is hospital inpatient. Sorry. That's the other thing I should say
So these were 25 to 54 year olds
who were in the hospital as inpatients
And died
New York City is a global outlier with this
Global outlier, Italy did not have high young deaths
Certainly not young high young deaths played blamed on
Something called covid-19
And even just to compare this is similar with all age groups
But down here we show in this age group
New York City has 3%
Of the population of the whole united states, you know if you look at 25 to 54 year olds
This is how many New York has this is how many the whole us has
But yet
They had a quarter of the country's
covid deaths in this in this time frame
Of of the whole country. I mean, I so why
For me, it's like even if you
Even if you believe in the sudden spread of a novel deadly virus from Wuhan. Okay. Let's let's just say that you're on that on that train. Okay, fine
Can we at least say that there should be an investigation
into this
Right because don't we all agree that covid's not really a young person thing
Can we can we agree about that even by the government's narrative
Who were these people were these homeless people
I'm speculating here, but I'm just this is my my thought process after you know met a long time looking at this for these homeless people
Were these mentally adults in you know homes for mentally
Troubled or mentally ill people
Were these people already in the hospital. They were admitted in January and February
And then they were used to effectively stage
The sudden spread of a novel virus in New York City
This is what we have to speculate about because we don't have any answers about this and nobody cares
I mean, you might have watched the interview that we did Jonathan angler and I did with Naomi wolf
I mean Naomi wolf didn't think that there was a story here yet
I I think there's a story. I think it's being ignored and I'm not sure why it's being ignored
Now just to be clear
You you are not making a statement that
All of these excess deaths were were fraudulent or or didn't exist you you have seen
Some data correct that there legitimately was an increase in overall all cause mortality
We are we are questioning unlike deni rancor who who's work. I love and respect that by the way
But what one thing that deni has said
repeatedly is that
I'm paraphrasing him that or their team has assumed and I and I think it's a has been a fairly safe assumption
Especially for scientists to make that all cause mortality is unassailable
Or that at least it's more reliable than cause of death because you keep like okay dead is dead
You know
Your your cause can be fudged
But the fact that I can't be and I agree with him and that's why I've tended to focus on all cause mortality as well
But I think it's
I think it's a mistake or I've come to realize that it's it may be a mistake to assume
At the government agencies that have lied about everything in this mess
left
left all cause mortality unmanipulated
And part of the reason that I say that is because I very much doubt the speed of this
event
especially in hospitals
The peak occupancy I don't think I have this graph right here
But the peak occupancy that New York City hospitals report in this 11 week period is 20,000
Patients in embed so that the peak number which is the equivalent of every every single bed
Normally available in New York New York City
That is roughly the number of inpatients that they say died
in the same period
So I'm not my background's on hospitals. I've only ever been in a hospital a handful of time as as a patient and twice was to have babies
But I'm from a restaurant family and my husband's in restaurants and I worked in restaurants
So I think about the turnover of the bodies
New York City is saying that they lost the equivalent of every inpatient bed
In 11 weeks actually a little yeah, and the bulk of it was in like six weeks five or six weeks
So
I don't think that matches what was actually happening on on the ground and at minimum
Even if it was you have to say how many of those people who died in hospitals entered the hospital
Before this event began
And why were they admitted?
Right how many of those people were already in the hospital
On march 1st and had been admitted in January or February
That's good for us to know don't you think because in real time what were you and I led to believe
We were led to believe that New York City was experiencing an onslaught of patients
And people coming to the hospital, but in fact mark that part's not even true
That part's not even true the pink here represents emergency department visits
Those peaked in January January early February
And look what happens
During this alleged disease spread event they plummet more than 60 percent
Simultaneous to hospital deaths going up
So one of my theories is that what we're seeing here are people who entered the hospital back here
And who maybe died back here
So if if we have some pushed forward deaths literally then
That would be fraud
That would be fraud so like should this curve actually this black line should it actually look higher back here
But insofar as completely faked deaths
That's not something that I've alleged yet, but I have said I can't exclude the the likelihood
In fact, I've had a lot of people say to me good good analysts actually say don't you think they just hit an extra zero
Like wouldn't that just be the easiest don't you think
Don't don't you think that could have happened and yeah, I do think that could that could happen
There could also be confusion between New York City and New York State
Right, there could be some double counting of deaths that occurred at home
And then they double counted it for the hospital numbers
Right, so there there's a lot of things that can happen that would be easier than you think
A lot easier than you think and not everybody would have to be involved in it
But again without real answers or people demanding answers
We're sort of left to to speculate a bit and just I just keep gathering data to try to put the pieces together
I think you've mentioned that total was it total COVID deaths or total excess deaths in New York City for
April of the year 2020 was 20,000. Was that the number?
The increase I don't like saying excess because excess is modeled but
um the increase over 2019 in those weeks is between
27 to 26,000 27
No, I'm sorry 26 and 27,000 depending on if you look at federal numbers or or the city's numbers
So just just a completely massive
Increase that
Nobody wants to talk about and you might remember that the narrative was that and still is that the virus hit New York City harder
But New York defeated the virus and then everybody could learn from New York City
Well, that that that makes no sense whatsoever
No, no sense whatsoever, but it just doesn't seem like anybody wants to revisit those those assumptions
Or that narrative. I mean, I'm really Cuomo Fauci
Donald Trump a lot of anti mandate people on our side. They're kind of all telling the same story
And it doesn't I'm with I'm with you and you and JJ. It doesn't matter if it was a lab leak or a wet market
That's not even important
And at all. I don't even get that whole thing is a root
What's the the key claim is about that there was sudden spread of a novel
Risk additive pathogen that started in Wuhan and made it with lightning speed
Creating geopolitically strategic mass casualty events around the world before it descended on New York City
I mean, it just it's it's straight out of a movie and it doesn't make sense
I
Back at the time I was
Deep into that in those discussions into those battles of where where the origins of the
deadly novel virus came from didn't even
occur to me that there could have been
Potential fraudulent anyways. We haven't proved anything yet in the death
The profile of the x of these deaths in the year 2020
You know and at the very least the fraud with New York that has occurred
And I'd be I mean I could testify about this on a witness stand at least according to the data is their hospitals were not overrun with people
And and they presented a vision
Of their hospitals being overrun with patients and that the data are like nope
That that's not that's not what happened at all
So we we were I think New Yorkers especially, but really everybody was defrauded in that way in that New York City was used as
Propaganda really to stage and I think stage is the right word to stage an event that
Quite possibly did not occur. I think the the only thing more horrifying than this number of people actually dying in real time
Is that they didn't
And that doesn't mean that there's death certificates without bodies attached to it. That's not what I'm saying
But there's a lot of ways that this could be
Pumped let's let's put it put it that way. So I just just declare just want to clarify like when I say it's fraudulent
I mean it's a
It's a fraudulent representation of the number of deaths that occurred real time according to where they occurred
Now
Obviously there's going to be a much here. You couldn't you you can't share but has
Anyone in the medical community who might have some insights on this
reached out to you now, I know that you know, they could be totally lying about what they said so everything has
lots of salt here
What this date if has anyone reached out to you to give you
Some insights on what it might have actually been like in those hospitals and how it
They might have said it does line up with official narratives or
descriptions or perhaps
There were empty floors. Has anyone reached out to you to
Question, you know, of course I've heard this whole year
I've heard from, you know, some what I would call tick-dock doctors and celebrity doctors
You know yelling at me. You don't know you weren't there. You weren't in our reality, right?
So they're their story is, you know, well represented, right?
It's the story we were hearing from march 2020 onward. So there's that
But I have spoken with a couple of of doctors
Um, I'm hoping to put one of their views out there
Soon, it'll it'll it'll be under a pseudonym
Of course, but yes, I've talked to some and it's really important. I think too to talk to
doctors who are employees
That there are people like, um, pure quarry. I always get his first and last name of verse. It's it's pure quarry, right?
I believe so
pure pure quarry
nurse erin
Nicole serotics or sort of these these people were quote in new york city hospitals, but they came after mid april
So that so they came around here
Around this time
Exposed facto in so far as the mortality the the crux of the mortality event
Happened, right?
What we don't hear as much from besides of the you know celebrity types that were elevated from the very beginning are
People who are who are and and or were at the time
New York City health care workers or emps who are actually
In hospitals during the event
I'm so far. I've spoken with a couple
Um, and they it's interesting. I'll just I'll just say that they've been they've been helpful
But remember these people too were they can report on their experience
In that in that hospital, right? But these hospitals were divided up. There were different wards
COVID I see you ward it was there was a lot of shuffling of people around
reassignment of duties
Lot lots of things were going on and so it's really indicative of
I'm not sure ever anybody really knows all of what was going on
at at the time
But both of the doctors I've spoken with talked independently independent of one another
Both talked about military presence
In their in their hospitals one doctor called them the visitors
Gotta find euphemism. Um, the other doctor thought they might have been naval health officers
So I thought it was interesting
But they they both reported that that presence in their in their hospitals
I've tweeted a little bit about that the military in New York at that time
The people that came in on the us and as comfort the national guard
That was was brought in
um
DoD trucks that were
Allegedly sent to New York City via FEMA that I'm still waiting for a foyer response about
So that there was there was military involvement
Um, so that's one thing that they've that they've talked that they've independently have both both talked about but it's it's it's interesting to listen to those doctors
Versus the the celeb you doctor
Crowd or even though where I would call the doctors that emerged and became part of the early treatment crowd
Right like pia or cori just just a different
Different vibe that that early march period to mid apo period is what I call the black box where
nobody's talking
Wait, we don't hear from a lot of people who were there
And that and I wonder and I wonder why
I don't know why exactly but but I but I wonder it seems that a vow of america
You know implicit or explicit like an america code is kind of hiding what happened and
Again, the only thing worse than this didn't have you know, this did happen is it didn't
But I I believe that if we knew the truth about what occurred especially in hospitals
It actually might exonerate a lot of doctors and the perception that doctors were killing people
um
It's especially military presence was not like some questions about that
But and something to add to you know, why would it be bad if if this didn't happen?
I mean that can sound cold, but
Much of our response in the united states worldwide actually is based upon
What is purported to have happened?
um, there are many
committees right now
talking about the
efficacy the safety of the
countermeasures which were used or
vaccines
for
That were given, you know
emergency use authorization that are of course still in use today still being pushed or still boosters coming out
based off of
This data not just New York City, but it's a big part of the story. So
if we are to believe that
Uh, perhaps as some do not going to give my opinion
I think most people can guess what it is
But these vaccines are causing a lot of harm
And they should be pulled. Well, if you wanted to do that
Wouldn't you want to investigate?
The underlying reasons why they were encouraged to be used in the first places
Because the total number of injuries and potentially deaths from that
Is actually far greater now
So that is one of the reasons why I know it can sound cold, but
uh, the the consequences of
This data not being 100% legitimate are extraordinary
Um, yeah, they're huge and that that's such a great point because I think a lot of people
Including a lot of what I would call anti mandate people
You know
Things that they have said and things that they've assumed and I used to say and assume some of those things as well
So I don't want to make it out like I've been onto this the whole time or I've discovered the secret
All right, I mean we're just we're we're inquiring minds that want to know right
But some people are very happy to just kind of sit there and assume that there was sudden spread of a novel deadly
Pathogen right that there was something novel that required novel tr new treatments
That weren't already being done
Right, but my my contention is like what you've said
Yeah, I I agree that that even though it's not my area of specific focus and interest
I agree that the vaccine has harmed people. I I completely agree
I mean even just moral injury if nothing else, but I I believe the reports of the injuries and and the deaths
However, let's go back to 2020
There this was used to justify the need
For a shot, which was already in development anyway, right? I mean we we know we know that
It was a solution to need of a problem
So
That's why when people say to me what what's really important is the vaccine. Okay, that's fine
You know to borrow line from star wars, you worry about the fighters
I'm going to worry about the tower here that this being a tower
like this was used
to justify there is something that we need
a shot for and
If this is fraudulent, you better believe that this is not the only place that it happened
I don't think that only New York messed up that there was a coordinated response
Coordinated response
And people say to me well, you know, are you are you saying that the world governments coordinated?
I'm saying they're already coordinated when it comes to disease surveillance
participation in the who's flu surveillance program
Using the international classification of diseases
You know chapters. It's like the dewy decimal system
If you will of death and medical billing classification
These things are already uniform and these countries already march in lobster
So all it takes is a switch
Okay, everybody now do this
Right
Right that that that's all it that's all it takes
I mean, my governor was calling for a coordinated response on january 24th 2020
In a press conference and tweets. We need a coordinated response
It's like that somebody should do research just on that term january 24th
january 24th 2020 jb pritzker governor of illinois
When the first case in chicago was announced a nurse
return this is echoes of snohamish man here, but the
a nurse returning from muhan
That happened in chicago, too
Oh, yeah, yeah, I thought it was just a snow homish man
Oh, no
No, that so yeah, I mean not even a week later after snohomish man was the announcement of the the chicago the chicago case
um
I detailed that somewhere on my my sub-staff
But just completely bizarre and and that day the our our governor announced
Coordinated response in fact if any of your listeners
viewers
Can find an earlier reference to coordinated response or or a us official
Using that term. I would love to know who it is that that's the earliest I found but I also haven't done an exhaustive search
um
But yeah, that that was the refrain people have forgotten coordinated response
Was the the bat the battle cry in in those days? It I think it's something of a signal
um
But that that's just my that's just my opinion now. This is a question. I've been I've been
Uh, I was going to say dying to ask you, but that's I shouldn't say I love fun. No, please
Is that there was a change in
Protocol some protocols in new york city
for april of
Such as responses to people who might have been suffering from cardi cardiac event
um, yeah
How would you characterize those changes and uh what if people were to
Question this uh, where can they find evidence to to back this up?
All right, this is I'm glad you brought that up
So pretty soon. Hopefully within the next couple weeks myself and some colleagues are going to put out an article on this
Using we we spent a lot of time analyzing the ambulance dispatch data
in this time, but something people don't realize was was going on in
New york is
There were and actually this was in other places too
but there were orders or directives to
ems emergency medical services
regarding how to handle cardiac arrest calls
And we'll we'll show the documentation of it in in the article, but
Basically, they were directed to do
not as much as they would normally do
to administer life's full life-saving measures to people in cardiac arrest
and to not bring they were encouraged to not bring them in the hospital
Or excuse me put them in the ambulance and bring them to
the hospital for two reasons one spread
There's that word again
might spread the virus
and two because our hospitals are overwhelmed
And so if you look at the time series data, it's actually super scary
when you plot these orders
along with the dispatch data
And the number of patients pronounced dead at the scene of pickup
the
Transport data showing that there was a huge drop in patients being transported from point of pickup to other places hospital or wherever
and home deaths
How many is there any evidence? I'm sorry to cut you off, but uh,
Is there any evidence that this might also include encouragement to
uh
To to reduce the likelihood of using Narcan for people who are suffering from an overdose
That you know what that's a great question. I I have not that would be worth looking into
There is that would explain the the young deaths that would explain you're a young desk young deaths at home surging at that time
uh, there's
The only reason we have a granddaughter is because of Narcan. Let's put it that way
Um, so people who are struggling with addiction
oftentimes
Uh, will receive Narcan at least once or twice during their their years or more
Uh, that could very easily explain a sudden surge in at-home deaths of ages
20 to 45
I completely agree with you on that. It's interesting and I have another article in development on just the young deaths
In in New York City. And so I've been analyzing the home like the home death data
most of the deaths at home
Are our heart if i'm not mistaken are in the heart chapter right of of icd
There's also um
A good number that are blamed on covid, which doesn't really make sense. Right?
Who's the young person that's dying at home of covid?
Unless covid has another meaning which I think i've told you I I kind of have a theory about that about what the oh and covid might stand
might really stand for
um
Opioid I mean it could be that covid stands for
coronavirus opioid and vaccine induced death
or vaccine induced death
That's
That would be interesting
And you could classify and reclassify a bunch of deaths under that ad nauseam
You know forever forever and ever so I I will look into that what you just said because I think that that's important
Some of the ambulance orders suggest that people were
That there were directives or the suggestion that people should be sedated
In ambulances or that there was a need for sedation
Heavy sedation
So one thing I've wondered about these reports in new york city that you never heard anywhere else about young people showing up to the hospital
Not being able to breathe
I wonder if some younger aged people
You can imagine this happening with homeless people actually but others too
Were sedated heavily with medazalam, etc
In the in the ambulance
And then the impact of that i've seen some studies on this actually but the the impact of that was showing up not being able to breathe
Like they became hypoxic
So that would um the receiving end
Give this like we had so so the the
The doctors aren't lying the doctors and nurses aren't lying about what they heard, but there's another reason for it
But yeah, I I agree with that idea that you just put forward that would be interesting to see
That would be interesting data to to see but even the even the directives I have seen would discourage narkan
Correct
Well, I mean narkan that the hardest stop the hardest stopped or it's it's very very slow rate
So
You could describe it as a cardiac event
And it is a
A way to revive someone
Wow, I never thought I did not think about this jessica until this show
I'm just I like this. I like this. It's the young people that young at the profile of young people at home dying
I've not
Actually considered this this angle and it's not
This is not you know like 50 of the 20,000
26,000 excess excess deaths if you will I know that's not the term you would prefer to use but
It is statistically significant and and it is a major contributor to
Uh, if anyone was providing data on um from the york city on
Average age of death or changes in life expectancy during that month
um
Wow
Well, here's something else that you see actually this this view doesn't show it and this is you know
This is all causes all ages but by setting of death or place of death
But one thing that you see or don't don't see here is you don't see an increase on uh dead on arrival
So which makes sense with the ambulance dispatch data
Right, so you would expect that during some kind of disease spread event or even some kind of biological
Or bioterror attack, okay, like if we want to call it call it that i'm just entertaining that
You know that speculation that that some have have made
You would expect to see
Actually in this graph, I combined deo a hospice and other places
But if I if you disaggregate those actually hospice, I think goes down
With or or it's it's very it barely goes up at all if it does
Doa too that does not so that's another indicator that at least on paper people were not being brought to the hospital
in
Levels that you would expect
The other the other data that goes along with this that we'll put in the article is 911 call data
So
All of a sudden it's so sudden it's it's weird
15 days to stop the spread is announced on march 16
2020 and then 911 call data for life threatening situation spikes
I used to think that it was like just people panicking on that day on on the march 15th or after the 15 days
In that week in that week starting march up. I you know, I maybe could pull it up if you want to see it
Um, you know, so many graphs in my head. Um
I
Don't know if I have it at the ready. Oh, here we go. Actually. This is a little complicated
These are different call types to 911 in New York City
and uh, this isn't my annotated version, but something you have to understand what happens. This is for this is calls to
fdny
and empt
Different classifications broad broad categories
Something that happened in early march is that fdny was taken off of certain responding to certain calls
They were taken off of calls
Asma and like other things that were said to be associated potentially with covid
So
It's interesting right because that's why you see the blue line here the light blue line
in weekly calls to fdny medical emergencies go down
and they were redirected
To empt non-life threatening you see that so you see this go down
And you see this go up
See I used to think before I had this data below here. I used to think that this was people starting to panic
But I now realize that it's a call redirection
That occurred here
Right here for empt life threatening
We have this massive jump
After 15 days to slow the spread is announced
So like I told Naomi wolf
People were calling
Like the idea that and I used to think this too like people were staying away from the hospital because they were afraid
They were afraid of covid and then they died. Oh, I do think there was some of that. I mean there there's no question about it
Um, well, there is a question, but I you know, it's it's plausible
Especially in New York where things are very tense. You've got you know
My example is like ernie goldstein who lives in a rent control department on the upper east side and lives alone
You tell him to stay home. He can't go out. He doesn't he loses his routines
Right like and the guy dies of a heart attack like you could imagine that that scenario, right?
But the calls this is people calling 911
So they call
Ambulance dispatches did go up commensurate with these 911 just like you would expect
Except the transports that the dispatches that are moving patients from one place to another plummet
and patients pronounce dead
skyrockets
Again coincidental to these ambulance orders that were issued around cardiac arrest
So
Basically a dnr
That's how the orders read as like a dnr
Especially when you look at it alongside these data. So when people say well, I was in New York
I heard the ambulances. Yes, you did
There there were a lot of ambulances going out, but they weren't a lot of them weren't taking people
People people were calling for help and help wasn't helping
That's what the that's the story the data tell anyway the multiple data points
So we'll we'll put that we'll spell that out in the article that we're working on related to that
But it's a pretty it's pretty grim
It's pretty grim and it all it actually wasn't just in New York. I've found it. I found some from
I want to say Pennsylvania had similar orders or philadelphia
CMS the federal agency
put out something in later march 2020 that said that
under these kinds of orders that ambulance companies would still be reimbursed as though they brought the
Patient to the hospital
That's really scary to me
I guess as a matter of course, I didn't I'm not in the medical billing. I don't know all the ins and outs of it
But I guess ambulance companies get reimbursed or paid in some way when they bring a patient to the hospital
Okay, that's fine. Well, that was just that because
with these kinds of orders
They were still reimbursed
So that goes to the death count. I'm sort of wondering was there a double count
Of deaths that occurred in hospitals and deaths that occurred at home
Do you see what I'm saying? Like I could almost imagine that happening
Right to substantiate
Something on on both ends or you know, who knows? Maybe they'll say there was an error right that we we know that's going to happen
We know that's coming in the future, right? That's that's the first line of defense
That will happen. This is failure. We had an error
Cerebral error, right
Do you have any data that breaks out um or shows that there was an an increase in
Maybe it wasn't listed as a cardi cardiac event being the primary cause of death, but cardiac events overall
um in that time period late march april 2020 new york city and
I asked because
Uh
Many have commented that
Since cardiac events were related or or increased in the united states in early 2020
that it is evidence that the
deadly novel
spreading pathogen
Also causes
cardiac events and because
And therefore
That is why the vaccine to it also seems to be correlated with the increase is in
uh, cardiac events, but if some
Of the increases in cardiac events might have been related to
Changes in the way
Uh, uh, people who are suffering from a cardiac event were
Um, were treated well
That would again mean that we are responding to something in a way that does not
match the what the underlying risk
Uh was of that thing
So my belief is
that
Whatever happened in new york city
Around this around this time
That
What I would call the myth
About
COVID's of cardiac or vascular disease is actually rooted in this
Is actually rooted in what happened in new york
So here's I so this isn't every I don't have external causes and I don't have every cause of death
These are bigger chapters
For for viewers
The cause of death classification system it you can think of it as like the dewy decimal system in a library
Well, that's school libraries, but or library of congress system, right? There's this
These chapters
Of causes of of death
Medical bill billing uses them too and they're determined by the the who the w h o
So here's here's some of those. Why do I have
I have something mislabeled on here
Something is mislabeled on here. What is it? Why do I have the
Um, okay ignore where it's that ignore the first thing on the legend where it says disease is a circulatory system
I think that's on there errantly. Sorry. This isn't a finalized graph
For publication. I was just showing somebody else. Okay. So the weeks are at the bottom. This is weekly deaths
And at home
So all ages, okay weekly deaths at home. We see cardiac
Go way up
Right
It spikes first. It spikes more than more than anything else
And then notice too
That the deaths that list covet 19 is underline cause have the same shape
Do you see that? Yeah, I find that
Between that blue line, which is
You
Zero seven point one or coven 19
Those are deaths. So this is underlying cause. So that means those blue line deaths. Those are
Deaths that blame covet 19 as underlying cause
Not as contributing cause but underlying cause. Okay. So there's no overlap in the deaths in this chart, right?
Every death is only represented
The deaths are only represented once but this this isn't every cause category either. I don't have external causes on on here
Um or some smaller categories
So but those ambulance orders begin at the end of
You know toward the actually the ambulance orders sequence starts to go out in early march. Okay
Of different kinds, but the cardiac order. I think was march
Oh, I don't know. I'm gonna have to look march 27th
Can't remember
But that that's those spike up
And then the orders end the cardiac or what I call the cardiac DNR order ends. I think April 24th
If I remember correctly
Deaths at home do stay elevated for the rest of the year. By the way, I don't have that picture on this graph
But they do they do stay elevated
What I think we see here
And the reason I think that covet mirrors the heart deaths at home is
I think that the the blue line is all the deaths that occurred in a home setting
Could even be a group home setting
Which they were able to get a positive covet test
See what i'm saying
And then those that couldn't were attributed to other causes
So yes, I mean sort of answer to your sort of question is yeah, I I think what i'm saying
Really challenges that assumption
About covet causes heart attacks. I mean and and again if if it does and this thing was spreading in new york
Right. Why don't we see it
In the data. Why don't we see it in the weeks leading up?
Why is it only when the government issues of proclamation?
Is it because of the prescience of the us governments? I mean come on people know
No, but I but I do think that some of these deaths do reflect
um
You know, yeah people just having heart attacks for other reasons
I'm not you know for fear and and things like that or not being able to call 911
I do think that there is some of that there could have been some
In especially as you get to the later weeks i'm choosing to die at home
Instead of in the hospital or coming home from the hospital
Right, so that there could be some of that
But it's it's that a lot of these deaths are young deaths that is like
You know people like oh opioid overdoses, but it's very the increase is so fast
So fast
So along along the lines of what you were kind of speculating
I I kind of wonder and maybe you know more about this than I do
I wonder about the street drugs that were put out there in march
You know, I mean like you have people who are already using
There was a release of prisoners at the time. I don't know if you worry that
um
I have a question about that
You know or maybe street drugs had higher doses of something at that time like if we were getting nefarious about it
I'm just no I
Through some possibilities
Um, you know which people are going to call me all kinds of names for that, but I I think
This is tangent, but one thing that people have been loath to do
is to speculate or it is to brainstorm
and
I I think people should do that. I'm not trying to put out missing misinformation. No. No, we're just we're thinking out loud
It could this be possible. That's not wrong. That's not misinformation. It's
It's how humans think
Right. It's how scientists think shouldn't it be? I don't know
We've been discouraged from that from doing that. I still have a video up from 2021
noting that there was
I mean we had anecdotal evidence that there was a major surge in
Fentanyl lace repressed pills on the streets
It was just winding up and all kinds of different things. I wasn't observing that
Because of our sons
Because he was you know in and out of programs
during that time
and
You know, I got a certain number of views on it. That was the middle of 2021
And
nationwide the drug overdose is total which includes
Other things but predominantly opioids which also includes fentanyl and card fental in 2020. It was 91,800
Whereas in
2019 it was
70,600 so it was
And it started to spike in March in May 2020, right?
That's what it really
I have that data. It started in 2020 and then it got
much worse in 21
I see me 106,000
1 to 79 and 109,980 in 2022 so
nationwide the that's
310,000 in three years whereas the
average number of
Fatal drug overdoses
in the year
2000 was
20,000 per year
And this is I mean, I don't mean to to change the subject but
I mean it is related
If you use a baseline of 60,000
As which is actually closer to a record level
as the as the baseline and that's like
Maybe that's a a base if you use the years between 2000 and 16 to 2019
average that out and use that as your baseline
That would mean that we have a hundred and
15,000 excess deaths in three years of drug overdoses
Yeah, I have questions about that because I am not I'm not not that I'm not questioning those death
That's not what I'm saying. What I wonder about
is
Maybe there was some pretty heavy excess
in drug overdoses
Opioid, benzol, may be stuff. I mean, maybe maybe there wasn't an attack of a different kind
That that that's something that I would encourage people to sort of think about because it would be easy
Because opioid deaths and and deaths from external causes take longer to process
always
right
It would be very easy to do what I would call some death certificate swapping
So you had some delayed death
Six-month lag on the end of deaths that are happening in
November 2019 December 2019 January 2019
Do you see what I'm saying?
And then you could do some re some swapping and some reclassification
There
It would probably happen on the federal level though is is where that that kind of thing would would happen
Um, and I don't know if it's you or somebody else has I know people have speculated that
Part of what maybe governments were trying to hide or the us government is trying to hide is how many
fentanyl deaths there were or
Whatever, but yeah, the New York City curve, you know could be a signal about that
Honestly, and this this ambulance thing could be these deaths at home these young cardiac deaths at home
It's going to be hard for the government to get around that. How do you explain these young cardiac deaths at home?
Well, I don't know what the ratio is, but I would estimate again anecdotal data
that if
Uh, let's say a hundred thousand people
Had died to an overdose in one year
That there were probably
300,000 people who didn't die because of Narcan
I think the number really is that high
It is uh, Narcan is it uses
extensive and
It's one of the only reasons why it's not even worse right now. Um, with that said
We can get that data if you can't can't we can't we foil that that data? I bet we can't but that would mean
That if you just take New York city and say no, no Narcan for two or three weeks
All right, you will uh affected the effective result of that will be during those two or three weeks
Probably a four x increase in drug overdose deaths
Yeah, and you would not even have to say no Narcan
Yes, right. Isn't that kind of what we're saying together? We're saying
I here's here's one way of putting it. I think jonathan angler has posed this question to me
Or maybe thomas verdine and in panda
How many or is there a way of finding out how many?
People New York city EMTs save a day
Right or we're saving a day. And so just by issuing this order
Which you know
You don't have to say was intentional
Or I would say that I would I would say that how many how many deaths could you create?
Simply by doing that and some would be from drug overdose
Some would be just because you didn't save somebody or you didn't bring them to the hospital
Like you like you normally would you were afraid you created fear among EMTs about spread
Right like you you could imagine that and is that really what we see but in real time
It was blamed on covid deaths at home
Well
Which is absurd it's absurd to think about now. Yeah, no way
And I'm so appreciative to have a chance to talk about this with you because
I respect your audience and I'm hoping that they can
Now access or maybe this can give them some ideas about some other things which might have happened as part
As part of this uh this tragedy is
Um people who succumb to pneumonia many of the people who
Aside from perhaps that one month in New York city are listed as covid
those average ages of death are actually
older
than the average
Then then then what life expectancy was
um
It would it's it's a funny thing to say but
uh if the average age of a covid death was 84
You could say you know what it would be good news to discover that you'll die of covid because that means you're going to live a longer than average life
Because life expectancy was 78
Now if life expectancy had gone up during coronavirus
That doesn't look like a pandemic
That's that's impacting people of all of all ages
um, however, life expectancy went down
um by about two years or so
um between 2000
uh
19 to 20 and 21
And that hasn't happened
In the united states for the last 80 90 years or so
um
And the only reason why that's happened is because of the opioid epidemic
And that's it. So
While the opioid epidemic is happening
Um and giving excess deaths and lots more younger people dying because of it
You can then say and I have snapshots of uh, you know the pbs news hour in new york times saying
coronavirus is so bad
That in this era life expectancy is going down
Now you can make that that statement is true and it gives the impression that coronavirus is impacting all age groups and also impacting young people
That is a very very simple way
No death certificate fraud whatsoever. No delayed death certificates to create an illusion
Of coronavirus impacting all these age groups and in effectively
Taking the the deaths that did happen
and
Uh hiding them and repurposing them
Um, and also again along with all of your other great research jessica
it creates the
The baseline perception and the fear necessary to have provided the emergency use authorizations of the vaccines which are now
Allow to debate you can get out you can have you can be on twitter 24 hours a day and in a vaccine safety group
For some reason other you'll still be calling conspiracy theorist
That's okay. However, it is not okay to question
the underlying data which led to the
Uh the emergency use
authorizations to be approved in the first place. That's just
not allowed
No, I I agree and I might I might have asked somebody or I might ask jj this on
On twitter you're pointed it out to him, but like with all this discussion about the covid shot on on twitter
So that that's really the only platform. I'm on besides sub stack. I have questions about why that discussion is allowed
Right. And so I have to constantly be asking myself. Unfortunately, who how does this how does this discussion?
serve
the overall
official narrative
And I think that the government would rather people be talking about
covid shot
harms
Then a lot of other things
Including but not limited to the opioid epidemic and what happened in 2020 not just in new york
But but everywhere
So we're in this constant like limited hangout like hamster wheel of things that they're okay with us
Disgusting
But they're not okay with us discussing these other things. So at some point you have to ask yourself why that is
So something else that you might not I want to point this out to you as long as we're talking about it
Um, this is the kind of thing you can't really teach as well on twitter
But when you're talking to somebody face-to-face, you can't and i'll have to wrap up in
10 minutes or so
We'll get to the new york times uh we'll get to the new york times
100 000 death thing in a different segment that'll be that'd be fun to look at but
I just want to go into cdc wonder is the federal
Database the death certificate warehouse
You can't look at individual death certificates, but you can put queries in for any number of of things
So whenever I cite cdc wonder this is where the data is coming wonder.cdc.gov
Yes, and so when you go that it's a little clunky to use actually but once you figure it out
It's it's easy, but if you go down to the causes, right?
So here's these chapters and then you can open them up and you see all these specific causes of death
Respiratory disease deaths are under the jay codes
covid is not under there
covid
uo 7.1 is under codes for special purposes. So i'm going to open it up
and
Really these are all okay
So it's codes for special purposes then they're under provisional assignment of new diseases of uncertain etiology
So then I open that up
This is where
terrorism deaths are
Okay
This is where sars one is
and
This is where
covid is under codes for emergency use
Let me zoom in on that
actually i'm
I'm surprised that they
Have a vaping one
You know what it debuted on april first 2020 the same day
as uo 7.1
And you mentioned that earlier
And there's
Same day
There were you know boston globe and other newspapers had covered
um
the
vaping illnesses
uh increasing starting in
late 2019
Uh, no actually it was more I know because a bunch of them were in uh, wisconsin in illinois
so it was actually
I think the first news reports here the first health department reports here were may or june
2019 I can check my eyes threads on that. I can I can check that
but
But here's here's the point. So here's covid
All capitals. I think that's important. I don't think it only means what ted rose said it means
I think it has an alternate meaning. I've gone through some possibilities some plausible deniability
Because these codes for emergency use this will not stay here forever that that's what i'm trying to point out
This is a temporary coding
so someday
covid 19
Is going to have to go under a different chapter
Or a different disease chapter is going to have to be created or
There will be a reclassification project of all deaths that attributed covid 19
I'm the death certificate. This is not a permanent
coding
I think I think that's important to note to note
Will it will it remain one coding though, or will it then get broken out?
I don't I don't I don't well. I mean we'll see that that's anybody's guess
But just if it covid means something else
covert operation
for viral infectious disease
coronavirus opioid or
uh
vaccine
injury death
I'm speculating here
Right, but I used to decapitalize that because I don't like the shouting of of things that the government wants us to
seem are more urgent than they are
But i've actually gone back to keeping it all capital because it's all capital in the icd
And I I think there's there are reasons for for that
Um, I yeah people all conspiracy theory
I mean if if you don't believe that the government has conspired at this point
I don't know who you are if you think they're banning a thousand
on
covid I don't know what I don't know what world people are living in if they think that so I think that that is
very very
Possible that there's a front-facing meaning and there are other meanings
like there's a like for
Zaire Ebola virus tears
when it comes to the names of specific
pathogens and
I have some questions about those as well
um, but at least
um that when they are being discussed
They uh can use all caps even though they're not really
a um
It's not even initialism. Okay. It's not even an acronym that but they'll use all caps
um
So the COVID-19 is not a virus. It's a disease
Um, so so this isn't like saying, you know, SARS-CoV
Which is SARS coronavirus being all caps. This is this is a disease
Uh, so and as such, I would have expected there to be you know, uh
Um
You know capital C and then O V I D
Or, uh, or if it's all caps that would mean that it's initialism for something or that or an acronym in this case
You know, you know what I think is interesting in the ICD 10
And in the who guidance the CDC is different the country specific guidance is different
But in the who's guidance
At least in initially in 2020 and in the official kind of version of the ICD
They actually don't mention SARS-CoV-2
UO 7.1 COVID-19 virus identified
Which one?
Which any virus?
Right?
Isn't that weird?
And then UO 7.2 which CDC wonder does not use
COVID-19 virus not identified
Wow
Isn't that weird?
That is shocking
I think so too
I want to talk with people about it. It's kind of it's just hard to explain all of this in like an article to people
You know what I'm saying or in a tweet?
And here's vaping
I don't know
I I I have some questions about that
But but I guess my overall theory regardless of if this has the acronym has a different meaning or whatever
Is these are emergency codes
They're temporary codes and the way that they are crafted provides plausible deniability
And an avenue for the inevitable reclassification of these deaths
Whether that's five years from now 10 years from now or 50 years from now
I think that this this coding is very intentional
Are you saying all countries did it?
Yes, I am because most countries use this
So so yes, that's exactly what I'm saying
You know everybody changed it at once. Yes, they did but yes country did also come up with specific
guidelines here
But in related to that in New York City and this is right in their 2020 mortality report
They they counted a COVID death as a death that had a positive
SARS-CoV-2 test
anytime within 60 days
So now you know what I'm wondering
I'm wondering if doing that allowed them to count deaths from January
As probable and push them forward
Do you see what I'm saying?
Any death within 60 days. Oh wait shoot
Well, let's go back and test that test that death
Test the specimen or whatever
That that's that's very easy to do
Very easy to do
Got it. I hate to be thinking like a criminal here
But it's the more I've studied about this and about how you know the the fungibility of cause of death
Right, which I think people think is super objective, but that's not the case
That's never been the case. Right. There's always influences the zeitgeist of the time
And what would be the motivations
If you allow me I uh
There has been so much invested into gene therapy
Uh, and the HIV vaccine
More has been invested into that than our much of our space program
It is one of the largest us investments arguably the largest us investment between that and cancer research
Much of the manhattan project was really studying the cancers, which would have been caused by
Weapons of mass destruction
So to think that it is
It's it's crazy
That this would all be done simply to have a justification to finally roll out gene therapy on the population
Well, no, it is not it is not a crazy thought because if if you look at how the money has been spent
Gene therapy cancer research is the top priority of the united states government for
At least 50 years and it's funny
or uh, it's it's it is
Crazy timing that it was just yesterday that henry kissinger died and
much of his activities were really related to national cancers institute biological weapons
And when you really want to get down to it funding for
uh
genetic research
Uh, so this is it is not crazy to think that something like this would have been done allowed coordinated
supported to usher in gene therapy, which
If you look at the roadmaps
Everything in the future is going to be using platforms, which are
Uh have been rolled out similar platforms to coronavirus. So
The other layer to that i'll strengthen your theory. I'll raise your theory
And
So if you look at the flu shot
The flu shots the biggest racket out there in in my opinion
People don't question it. They're like a they guessed wrong
Right. I got flu. Anyway, they don't see that as an adverse effect. Nobody nobody asked questions about it
Right
Even if uptake is relatively low each year they get to change the formulation each year
They say that they're circulating strains all all of that
I've seen evidence that especially since 2009 they were doing a lot of messing around
A lot of messing around and it wasn't really working
And it was causing problems, especially among flu shots stuff with kids
So in my opinion, and I've laid this out in a couple of threads into whatever
I think part of what they were hiding that the flu shot the flu season mortality was starting to get out of control
And starting to they couldn't hide it
Any any more especially after 2014 when the quadrivalent shot
You know, anything about all the nursing home residents that gets these shots health care workers all these captive populations that get this shot
And after I think 2017 2018 might have been a wake-up call. They were like, oh, shoot
Right, that's when you start to see we need a universal they've always been talking about this, right?
But you got got leave February 2018. We need a universal flu shot
Right you and you start seeing this sequence of there's a flu pandemic coming. There's a flu pandemic coming
So I have wondered if in part, I'm not saying this is the whole thing
but what we saw is
an emergency and a decoy and a decoy shot in in effect to off ramp egg based
flu shot
on ramp and bar and a
And they knew they couldn't create fear around flu
As I think Rick right who was it that said flu is not sexy enough
Right in that perfunctory milican institute conversation in october 2019 or whatever that that was
That was right. They knew they couldn't scare people of flu and I think the other thing that they knew it
They couldn't risk people questioning the flu shot
So they needed something else
And so that's another reason I think maybe just maybe
There is more excess there is higher mortality potentially in 2018 2019
And in 2019 2020
Then it appears
and maybe
That's where we classified that maybe should be blamed on the flu shot
And then when you told me about Robert Malone's involvement in flu shot studies
That's interesting to me. That's all I'm going to say that that is interesting. Yeah, he was managing the the data for the
WCCT west coast clinical trials. He was managing the flu shot data for for Walter Reed
Well, so the reason that the government is okay with everybody talking about covid shot
Is because at least they're not talking about the flu shot
And now they're going to launch and you keep seeing it. There's they're they're going to try to push this one shot to rule them all
It's coming. I've already seen it
Yep, it's been it's they don't hide this stuff. They've always wanted this stuff
Right. And so now link it up to bio surveillance and and all of that
So for me the flu surveillance in shot program
It kept growing and growing. I think it got out of hand
But I also think it gave them the pandemic that they had invested in for decades
And preparing for so sooner or later if you prepare for the to battle the forest fire of the century
You're going to light the matches
If you never get the lightning strike you want
Do you see what i'm saying?
This is not hard to imagine and it's all it's all spelled out right there in there in their documents
Well for people to find out more about what you're saying because I think we're all totally in agreement
How do people follow you?
People yes at at would underscore house
76 on
Twitter I refuse to call it x twitter and uh sub stack is uh,
Woodhouse76.com you may get a warning that my website is dangerous
ooh
Work around it. I put in a complaint to norovirus or nor listen to me norovirus that
I'm obviously focusing too much on this stuff norton antivirus, which is not to be confused with norovirus
Which is a serious thing by the way nor virus is that'll make you sick yikes
Well, thank you so much. Jessica. It's been an honor. Obviously. We got a lot more to talk about and to share
Um, and i'm looking forward to that program. Thank you so much for your time
Take your mark. Bye.